for cheap ultimate team coins go and
check out youth fifa calm and use my
discount code EG HD at the checkout to
get five percent off your order hey
whats up guys jacket and welcome to top
five packs of the week week number nine
or episode number nine if you're new
around here basically take the best pack
reactions from last Sunday to Saturday
the day before I upload this video and I
always like to share different people
around the community so always as always
guys if you'd like to see the people out
that are in this video that and you're
not even subscribing never seen them
always check them out in a description I
always leave their links to the original
video in the description so you can
check them out so before against this
video can we hit 2,000 likes shared a
video around get some support pneus also
get their people that are in the videos
for more exposure as well anyway let's
get into the top five pack reactions
sorry nope you today I don't know why I
just got that fuckin lucky sent to me
here to call me George game rap but I'm
good to get a comment or if you reversed
back I'm gonna fuck oh my fucking god
dollar fuck you learn I think you're
right ok mil all right I'll cup the
corner Oh dip in the Mueller rice into
the fuck it all right yes yes fuck yes
balls on my head both balls on my head
balls on my head book both fuck it who
cares no it was it was testicles it was
the black testicles I told you that the
blood testicles along I love my love
blood testicles there's park ryan
villopoto final
oh we go all right God my Fath ever
legend he done the saw oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god all my life oh
my god 80 oh my god fomba saw oh my god
oh my god I don't even know how to say
we got one saw oh my god more so fucking
dizzy that coin pack and then fever
point pack actually fucking works are
you kidding me I thought that was just a
little bit of a bullshit man well it's
been so fucking long boys let's take a
fucking selfie
oh god oh god I'm just labor oh my god
first I know here we go yes they do
sends a clock he can go he can go as
well what else I've got holy shit dad
dad dad kawai sir i just plugged in
Burbage oh my god wait hi I'm just gonna
look at why I'm just going to a club and
this going in was club look why this is
my team what I'm sky long search there
he is look the one and only image and
his wife like 600 k what's he worth to
me I don't know oh don't do it spilt my
corner I mean leave you blemish boy oh
boy a little hair is caught on the game
to buy one before it was blooming Chadli
my your ear oh my god you yes oh my god
I can't believe I'm just packed in here
dad thanks for watching top five packs
of the week if you aren't already make
sure you subscribe to me as echo get me
HD where upload this on a weekly basis
every single Sunday also make sure you
go check out the people that are in the
description if you enjoyed their pack
reaction and what they might have to
offer on their channel and I think
that's pretty much it so thanks for
watching this video I'll see you guys
later bye bye